c:\Users\simon.rosen2\Documents\Programmering med micke b\slutprojekt\slutprojekt\bin\Debug\net7.0\slutprojekt.exe
c:\Users\simon.rosen2\Documents\Programmering med micke b\slutprojekt\slutprojekt\bin\Debug\net7.0\slutprojekt.deps.json
c:\Users\simon.rosen2\Documents\Programmering med micke b\slutprojekt\slutprojekt\bin\Debug\net7.0\slutprojekt.runtimeconfig.json
c:\Users\simon.rosen2\Documents\Programmering med micke b\slutprojekt\slutprojekt\bin\Debug\net7.0\slutprojekt.dll
c:\Users\simon.rosen2\Documents\Programmering med micke b\slutprojekt\slutprojekt\bin\Debug\net7.0\slutprojekt.pdb
c:\Users\simon.rosen2\Documents\Programmering med micke b\slutprojekt\slutprojekt\bin\Debug\net7.0\Raylib-cs.dll
c:\Users\simon.rosen2\Documents\Programmering med micke b\slutprojekt\slutprojekt\bin\Debug\net7.0\runtimes\linux-x64\native\libraylib.so
c:\Users\simon.rosen2\Documents\Programmering med micke b\slutprojekt\slutprojekt\bin\Debug\net7.0\runtimes\osx-arm64\native\libraylib.dylib
c:\Users\simon.rosen2\Documents\Programmering med micke b\slutprojekt\slutprojekt\bin\Debug\net7.0\runtimes\osx-x64\native\libraylib.dylib
c:\Users\simon.rosen2\Documents\Programmering med micke b\slutprojekt\slutprojekt\bin\Debug\net7.0\runtimes\win-x64\native\raylib.dll
c:\Users\simon.rosen2\Documents\Programmering med micke b\slutprojekt\slutprojekt\bin\Debug\net7.0\runtimes\win-x86\native\raylib.dll
c:\Users\simon.rosen2\Documents\Programmering med micke b\slutprojekt\slutprojekt\obj\Debug\net7.0\slutprojekt.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\simon.rosen2\Documents\Programmering med micke b\slutprojekt\slutprojekt\obj\Debug\net7.0\slutprojekt.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
c:\Users\simon.rosen2\Documents\Programmering med micke b\slutprojekt\slutprojekt\obj\Debug\net7.0\slutprojekt.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\Users\simon.rosen2\Documents\Programmering med micke b\slutprojekt\slutprojekt\obj\Debug\net7.0\slutprojekt.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\simon.rosen2\Documents\Programmering med micke b\slutprojekt\slutprojekt\obj\Debug\net7.0\slutprojekt.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Users\simon.rosen2\Documents\Programmering med micke b\slutprojekt\slutprojekt\obj\Debug\net7.0\slutprojekt.csproj.CopyComplete
c:\Users\simon.rosen2\Documents\Programmering med micke b\slutprojekt\slutprojekt\obj\Debug\net7.0\slutprojekt.dll
c:\Users\simon.rosen2\Documents\Programmering med micke b\slutprojekt\slutprojekt\obj\Debug\net7.0\refint\slutprojekt.dll
c:\Users\simon.rosen2\Documents\Programmering med micke b\slutprojekt\slutprojekt\obj\Debug\net7.0\slutprojekt.pdb
c:\Users\simon.rosen2\Documents\Programmering med micke b\slutprojekt\slutprojekt\obj\Debug\net7.0\slutprojekt.genruntimeconfig.cache
c:\Users\simon.rosen2\Documents\Programmering med micke b\slutprojekt\slutprojekt\obj\Debug\net7.0\ref\slutprojekt.dll
